# CPPLox

## Project Overview
Implementation of the interpreter for the Lox programming language in C++.
Following through Bob Nystrom's book Crafting Interpreters <https://craftinginterpreters.com>

## Sections and Implementation Details

##### Scanner/Lexer :white_check_mark:
Utilizes look ahead to ensure correct Token type, not much to say here.

#### Parser - :clock3:
Uses recursive descent parsing to construct abstract syntax tree from vector of tokens.

#### Interpreter - :clock3:
Uses post-order traversal of abstract syntax tree generated by Parser to evaluate higher precedence expression operations before lower precedence ones. Is a concrete visitor to expressions and statements.

Utilizes singly linked environments to ensure correct scoping variable declaration, assignment, and retrieval order.

## Installation and Testing

### Building

```
git clone https://github.com/mannyjimen/Mini-Compiler.git
cd Mini-Compiler
make
```

### Testing

`Make` procedure for testing coming soon...  
In the meantime, after building you can visit the `testingFiles` directory, for any file `text.txt` that you would like to test, do
```
./cpplox testingFiles/test.txt
```
or, write your own program!

### Additional features
Features want to, or have implemented. Not shown in the book.  
Support for C-style comment blocks (/* ... */) - :white_check_mark:  
Conditional Operators (except OR and AND) - :x:  
Array and list support - :x:  
Error reporter (improved error message system) - :x:  